[Install the Unidesk ELM](get_started_deploy_unidesk_elm_co4)
 > Install the ELM
#Install the Unidesk Enterprise Layer Manager (ELM) (XenServer)
In this article:
<table>            <col></col>            <tbody>                <tr>                    <td>                        <p><a href="#Before"> Before you start</a>                        </p>                        <p><a href="#Deploy_ELM"> Deploy the Unidesk Enterprise Layer Manager (ELM) </a>                        </p>                        <p><a href="#Expand"> Expand locally attached storage, if needed</a>                        </p>                        <p><a href="#Next"> Next Step</a>                        </p>                    </td>                </tr>            </tbody>        </table>
##Before you start<a name="Before"></a>
To get started with Unidesk, you will need:
<ul>            <li>A Unidesk account.</li>            <li><a href="welcome_platform_support_co4.htm">A supported version of Citrix XenServer</a>.</li>            <li>A Virtual Network in XenServer.</li>            <li>Storage requirements and XenServer requirements listed <a href="get_started_prerequisites_xs4.htm">here</a>.</li>            <li>A XenCenter Client.</li>        </ul>
##Deploy the Unidesk Enterprise Layer Manager (ELM) <a name="Deploy_ELM"></a>
Using this procedure, you will do a basic Unidesk ELM installation on your XenServer Server. Once you complete these steps, use the following sections to change the administrator password (strongly recommended), and configure more advanced options, such as Static IP. 
<ol>            <li>                <p>Download the Unidesk installation package, Unidesk_install_xenserver_pkg_4.x.x, from the Unidesk download site. This zip file contains the xenserver_elm_4.x.x.x.ova  and other files. </p>            </li>            <li>                <p>Extract the xenserver_elm_4.x.x.x.ova file to a folder on your local drive. </p>            </li>            <li>                <p>In your XenCenter Client, select <b>File > Import</b>.</p>            </li>            <li>In the wizard that opens, select the following values:<ul><li><b>Import Source</b> - Browse to <i>your</i> unique location.</li></ul><ul><li><b>Location</b> - Choose the XenServer where you want to deploy the ELM.</li><li><b>Storage</b> - Use the default value to put the Unidesk disks on the Local XenServer Storage.</li><li><b>Networking</b> - Select the correct network for your XenServer configuration.</li><li><b>Security</b> - This tab should be grayed out. Click <b>Next</b> to continue.</li><li><b>OSFixup Settings</b> - Select <b>Don't use Operating System Fixup</b>. </li><li><b>Transfer VMSettings</b> - Choose the correct network , and choose <b>DHCP</b>.</li><li><b>Finish</b> - Review your settings and select <b>Finish</b>.</li></ul></li>            <li>                <p>Switch to <b>Notification view</b> and wait for deployment to complete. This takes about 20-35 minutes.</p>            </li>            <li>Switch to <b>Infrastructure view</b>.</li>            <li>                <p>Rename your new appliance:</p>                <ol>                    <li>Select your new appliance, which will be named <i>CentOS-7_x86_64_build_template_xenserver</i>.</li>                    <li>Click <b>Properties</b>, and enter a good name and description for your new ELM.</li>                </ol>            </li>        </ol>
The new VM created from the Unidesk_ELM.ova file has 8 GB of memory and 4 CPUs. 
##Configure advanced settings
Once you've completed the ELMinstallation, you should immediately log into the ELM and:
<ul>            <li>Modify the administrator password.</li>            <li>(Optional) Configure advanced network options, such as Static IP, as needed.</li>            <li>Make any changes required to the existing settings, for example, the NTP servers you use or the Time Zone.</li>        </ul>
The Unidesk Appliance Configuration utility lets you configure these settings. For details, click [ Manage the Unidesk ELM (virtual appliance) ](system_manage_appliance_co4)[.](system_manage_appliance_co4)
##Expand locally attached storage, if needed<a name="Expand"></a>
If you need to expand the ELM's local storage, see [ Manage system storage](system_storage_co4)[. ](system_storage_co4)
##Next Step<a name="Next"></a>
Once you're satisfied that the ELM is correctly configured and has the required storage space, you can log into the Unidesk Management Console, and begin creating your layers.
[Log into the Unidesk Management Console (UMC)](get_started_login_vs4)[        ](get_started_login_vs4)

