[Install the Unidesk ELM](get_started_deploy_unidesk_elm_co4)
 > Install the ELM
#Install the Unidesk Enterprise Layer Manager (ELM) (vSphere)
In this article:
<table>            <col></col>            <tbody>                <tr>                    <td>                        <p><a href="#Before"> Before you start</a>                        </p>                        <p><a href="#Deploy_ELM"> Deploy the Unidesk Enterprise Layer Manager (ELM) </a>                        </p>                        <p><a href="#Expand"> Expand locally attached storage, if needed</a>                        </p>                        <p><a href="#Next"> Next Step</a>                        </p>                    </td>                </tr>            </tbody>        </table>
##Before you start<a name="Before"></a>
To get started with Unidesk, you will need:
<ul>            <li>A Unidesk account</li>            <li><a href="welcome_platform_support_co4.htm">A supported version of VMware vSphere</a>            </li>            <li>A Virtual Network in vSphere</li>            <li>Storage requirements and vSphere requirements listed <a href="get_started_prerequisites_vs4.htm">here</a>.</li>        </ul>
##Deploy the Unidesk Enterprise Layer Manager (ELM) <a name="Deploy_ELM"></a>
Using this procedure, you will do a basic Unidesk ELM installation on your vSphere Server. Once you complete these steps, use the following sections to change the administrator password (strongly recommended), and configure more advanced options, such as Static IP. 
<ol>            <li>                <p>Download the Unidesk Tools installation package, Unidesk_install_pkg_4.x.x, from the Unidesk download site. This zip file contains the unidesk_elm_4.x.x.x.ova file and other files. </p>            </li>            <li>                <p>Extract the Unidesk_ELM.ova file to a folder on your local drive. </p>            </li>            <li>                <p>In the vSphere Web Client you are using, navigate to the <b>VMs and Templates</b> page. </p>            </li>            <li>                <p>Right-click the folder in vSphere where you want to deploy the template and select <b>Deploy OVF Template</b>. The Deploy OVF Template wizard appears.</p>            </li>            <li>                <p>In the Deploy OVF Template wizard, do the following:</p>                <ul>                    <li>                        <p>On the <i>Select source</i> page, select the <b>Local file</b> option, and browse to the <b>Unidesk_ELM.ova</b> file to select it.</p>                    </li>                    <li>                        <p>On the <i>Select name and folder</i> page, designate a name and location for the deployed OVF template.</p>                    </li>                    <li>                        <p>On the <i>Select a resource</i> page, select a location to run the deployed OVF template.</p>                    </li>                    <li>                        <p>On the <i>Select storage</i> page, select the <b>Thick Provision Lazy Zeroed</b> setting of the <b>Select virtual disk format</b> option, select a storage policy, and specify a storage location.</p>                    </li>                    <li>                        <p>On the <i>Setup networks</i> page, select your vSphere virtual network in the <b>Destination</b> column and select the <b>IPv4</b> setting of the <b>IP protocol</b> option. </p>                    </li>                    <li>                        <p>On the <i>Ready to complete</i> page, review the template settings and click <b>Finish</b> when you are satisfied with the settings.</p>                    </li>                </ul>            </li>        </ol>
The new VM created from the Unidesk_ELM.ova file has 8 GB of memory and 4 CPUs. 
##Configure advanced settings
Once you've completed the ELMinstallation, you should immediately log into the ELM and:
<ul>            <li>Modify the administrator password.</li>            <li>(Optional) Configure advanced network options, such as Static IP, as needed.</li>            <li>Make any changes required to the existing settings, for example, the NTP servers you use or the Time Zone.</li>        </ul>
The Unidesk Appliance Configuration utility lets you configure these settings. For details, click [ Manage the Unidesk ELM (virtual appliance) ](system_manage_appliance_co4)[.](system_manage_appliance_co4)
##Expand locally attached storage, if needed<a name="Expand"></a>
If you need to expand the ELM's local storage, see [ Manage system storage](system_storage_co4)[. ](system_storage_co4)
##Next Step<a name="Next"></a>
Once you're satisfied that the ELM is correctly configured and has the required storage space, you can log into the Unidesk Management Console, and begin creating your layers.
[Log into the Unidesk Management Console (UMC)](get_started_login_vs4)[        ](get_started_login_vs4)

