You are here: Learn about Citrix App Layering [UnideskVersion Layering 4.0.8] > Publish > Manage Image Templates
#Manage Image Templates
This article contains: 
<table>            <col></col>            <tbody>                <tr>                    <td>                        <p><a href="#Update"> Update Image Templates with a new Layer Version</a>                        </p>                        <p><a href="#Ed_Temp"> Edit any Image Template setting</a>                        </p>                        <p><a href="#Del_Temp"> Delete an Image Template</a>                        </p>                    </td>                </tr>            </tbody>        </table>
When you create new Layers and new Versions to them, you can edit the layer selection in your Image Templates, and use the templates to publish new versions of your Layered Images. 
Once created, a Layered Image is no longer associated with the template used to create it. This means that you can change or delete a template without affecting any previously published Layered Images. 
##Update Image Templates with a new Layer Version<a name="Update"></a>
When you add a new Version to an App Layer or an OSLayer, you can quickly identify the Image Templates that include the Layer, and select which templates to update with the new Version.
<ol>            <li>In the Unidesk Management Console (UMC), select <b>Layers > App Layers</b> or <b>Layers > OS Layers</b>. </li>            <li>Select the Layer you updated, and click <b>Update Assignments</b>.</li>            <li>In the wizard that opens, select the new Version of the Layer that you want to assign. The Image Template Assignment tab lists the Image Templates that include the Layer but are not yet assigned the new Version. </li>            <li>                <p>On the Image Template Assignment tab, select the Image Templates to which you want to assign the Layer or Layer Version.</p>                <p><b>Notes:</b> </p>                <ul>                    <li>If the list is empty, click the check box called, <b>Show Image Templates already at this version</b>. A list of grayed out names may appear. These templates have already been assigned the Version.</li>                    <li>You can use the <b>Search</b> field to filter this list by Layer or Version. If you search on part of a Layer name or Version, any entry that contains the search string is displayed.</li>                </ul>            </li>            <li>Skip the Elastic Assignment tab.</li>            <li>On the Confirm and Complete tab, verify your choices and click <b>Update Assignments</b>. </li>        </ol>
##Edit any Image Template setting<a name="Ed_Temp"></a>
When you want to change the settings that you use to publish any of your Layered Images, you can edit the Image Template you originally used to publish the Layered Image(s) and publish a new version of the Image(s). 
<ol>            <li>In the Unidesk Management Console (UMC), select the <b>Images</b> module.</li>            <li>Select the template you want to edit, and click <b>Edit Template</b>. This opens the Edit Template wizard.</li>            <li>On the Name and Description tab, you can change the Name, Description, and Icon for the Image. </li>            <li>On the OSLayer tab, you can select a different Version of your chosen <b>OSLayer</b> by expanding the Layer and choosing a different one.</li>            <li>On the App Assignment tab, you can add or remove App Layers to include in the Layered Images that you publish using this template. If there is more than one Version of a Layer, you can choose a different version by expanding the Layer and choosing a different one.</li>            <li>On the Connector tab, you can change the location to which the Layered Image is published by selecting a different Connector Configuration.</li>            <li>On the Platform Layer tab, you can change the selected Platform Layer, if for example, you are publishing to a different environment. </li>            <li>On the Layered Image Disk tab, you can edit the Layered Image Disk details, for example, to enable Elastic Layering on the image.  </li>            <li>In the Confirm and Complete tab, enter any comments you would like for this layer, and click <b>Edit Template</b>.</li>        </ol>
##Delete an Image Template<a name="Del_Temp"></a>
When you no longer need an Image Template, you can remove it from the Unidesk Management Console (UMC). 
<ol>            <li>In the UMC, select the <b>Images</b> module.</li>            <li>Select the template you want to delete, and click <b>Delete Template</b>. This opens the Delete Template wizard.</li>            <li>In the Confirm and Complete tab, enter any comments you would like, and click <b>Delete Template</b>.</li>        </ol>

