[Create an Image Template](layered_images_create_template_co4)
 > MS Azure
#Create Image Templates (Azure)
In this article:
<table>            <col></col>            <tbody>                <tr>                    <td>                        <p><a href="#Pre"> Prerequisites</a>                        </p>                        <p><a href="#Cr_Temp"> Create an Image Template</a>                        </p>                        <p><a href="#Next"> Next Step</a>                        </p>                    </td>                </tr>            </tbody>        </table>
You can create Image Templates to use for publishing Layered Images to your target platform. You can then use the published Layered Image to provision servers on your chosen publishing platform. An Image Template stores your Layer assignments, along with a Layer icon and description. You can easily [edit an Image Template](layered_images_manage_template_co4.htm#Ed_Temp)[ and use it to publish new versions of your Layered Images. ](layered_images_manage_template_co4.htm#Ed_Temp)
##Prerequisites<a name="Pre"></a>
To create an Image Template you need:
<ul>            <li>A Platform Layer containing the software required for your environment.</li>        </ul>
##Create an Image Template<a name="Cr_Temp"></a>
To create an Image Template:
<ol>            <li>In the Unidesk Management Console (UMC), select the <b>Images</b> module, then click <b>Create Template</b>. This opens the Create Template wizard.</li>            <li>In the Name and Description tab, enter a <b>Name</b> for the template and notes in the <b>Description</b> field, so you can identify the template when choosing one for publishing a Layered Image. </li>            <li>In the OSLayer tab, select one of the <b>Available OSLayers</b>. If there is more than one Layer Version, the most recent version is selected by default. You can choose an older version by expanding the Layer and choosing a different one.</li>            <li>In the App Assignment tab, select the <b>App Layers</b> to include in the Layered Images that you publish using this template.</li>            <li>                <p>On the Connector tab, select the Connector Configuration that includes the information needed to publish the Layered Image to the correct location. </p>                <p>If the Connector Configuration you need is not available, add one. Click <b>New</b>, choose the Connector Type, and follow the instructions to <a href="connector_config_fields_pv4.htm">Create a Connector Configuration</a>. </p>            </li>            <li>                <p>On the Platform Layer tab, select the Platform Layer that contains the tools and hardware settings required to publish Layered Images to Azure RDS.</p>            </li>            <li>                <p>(Optional) On the Layered Image Disk tab, edit the following fields, if needed: </p>                <ul>                    <li><i>Layered Image Disk File name</i>. Enter a name for the Layered Image Disk.</li>                    <li><i>Layered Image Disk Size</i>. The default disk size of 100 GB is recommended.</li>                    <li><i>Elastic Layering</i> - Controls whether Elastic Layering  on this Layered Image is allowed. Select yes to allow Elastic Layers for users of this Layered Image.</li>                </ul>            </li>            <li>On the Confirm and Complete tab, enter any comments you would like for this layer, and click <b>Create Template</b>.</li>        </ol>
The new Template icon appears in the Unidesk Images module.
##Next Step<a name="Next"></a>
[ Publish Layered Images (Azure RDSH)](layered_images_publish_az4)[        ](layered_images_publish_az4)
