[Create an Image Template](layered_images_create_template_co4)
 > Network File Share
#Create Image Templates (NFS)
In this article:
<table>            <col></col>            <tbody>                <tr>                    <td>                        <p><a href="#Pre"> Prerequisites</a>                        </p>                        <p><a href="#Cr_Temp"> Create an Image Template</a>                        </p>                        <p><a href="#Next"> Next Step</a>                        </p>                    </td>                </tr>            </tbody>        </table>
You can create Image Templates to publish Layered Images to your target platform where you can then use the Layered Image to provision servers on your chosen publishing platform. An Image Template stores your Layer assignments, along with a Layer icon and description. You can easily [edit an Image Template](layered_images_manage_template_co4.htm#Ed_Temp)[ and use it to publish new versions of your Layered Images. ](layered_images_manage_template_co4.htm#Ed_Temp)
##Prerequisites<a name="Pre"></a>
To create an Image Template you need:
<ul>            <li>A Platform Layer containing the software required for your environment.</li>            <li>The Platform Layer you choose must have the same hardware settings as the OSLayer you are using. (The hardware settings are chosen when you deploy the VM for the OSand Platform Layers.)</li>            <li>The Platform Layer you choose must contain the software required for your environment.<p><b>Example:</b> When publishing images to PVS for XenApp users running in vSphere, the following must be installed on the Platform Layer:</p><ul><li>VMware vSphere</li><li>Citrix PVS Device imaging tools</li><li>XenApp VDA installed</li></ul></li>        </ul>
##Create an Image Template<a name="Cr_Temp"></a>
To create an Image Template:
<ol>            <li>In the Unidesk Management Console (UMC), select the <b>Images</b> module, then click <b>Create Template</b>. This opens the Create Template wizard.</li>            <li>In the Name and Description tab, enter a <b>Name</b> for the template and notes in the <b>Description</b> field, so you can identify the template when choosing one for publishing a Layered Image. </li>            <li>In the OSLayer tab, select one of the <b>Available OSLayers</b>. If there is more than one Layer Version, the most recent version is selected by default. You can choose an older version by expanding the Layer and choosing a different one.</li>            <li>In the App Assignment tab, select the <b>App Layers</b> to include in the Layered Images that you publish using this template.</li>            <li>                <p>On the Connector Configuration tab, select the <b>Network File Share</b>. </p>            </li>            <li>                <p>On the Platform Layer tab, you can select a Platform Layer that contains the tools and hardware settings that you need to publish Layered Images to the location defined in the Connector Configuration. </p>            </li>            <li>                <p>On the Layered Image Disk tab:</p>                <ul>                    <li><i>Layered Image Disk File name</i>. (Optional) You can change the default Layered Image Disk File name.</li>                    <li><i>Layered Image Disk Format</i>. Select the Disk Format appropriate for the environment where your servers are running. For example, select VHDwhen publishing images to Azure or Hyper-V environments. Select VMDK when publishing images  to vSphere or PVS, for example, when streaming the images to vSphere servers. Or, select QCOW2 or VHD when publishing to Nutanix AHV.</li>                    <li><i>Layered Image Disk Size</i>. The default disk size of 100 GB is recommended.</li>                    <li><i>Sysprep</i>. If your Platform Target is a <i>Network File Share</i>, this option lets you choose the method for generalizing the Layered Image.Select the method that is appropriate for your connection broker. <ul><li><i>Not Generalized</i> - Does <i>not</i> generalize the Layered Image nor join a domain. Machines created from this image will be identical to the OS Disk from which they are created. Machines created from this image will be identical to the OS Disk they are created from.</li><li><i>Generalize Offline</i> - Generalizes the Image using Unidesk code, and without booting the VM. Machines created from this image will be unique, and will run unattend.xml to join a domain.</li></ul></li>                    <li><i>Elastic Layering</i> - (Available when Elastic Layering is enabled) Controls whether Elastic Layering  on this Layered Image is allowed. Select yes to allow Elastic Layers for users of this Layered Image. </li>                </ul>            </li>            <li>On the Confirm and Complete tab, enter any comments you would like for this layer, and click <b>Create Template</b>.</li>        </ol>
The new Template icon appears in the Unidesk Images module.
##Next Step<a name="Next"></a>
[ Publish Layered Images (Network File Share)](layered_images_publish_fs4)[        ](layered_images_publish_fs4)

