[Create an Image Template](layered_images_create_template_co4)
 > VMware Horizon View
#Create Image Templates (VMware Horizon View for vSphere) 
In this article:
<table>            <col></col>            <tbody>                <tr>                    <td>                        <p><a href="#Pre"> Prerequisites</a>                        </p>                        <p><a href="#Cr_Temp"> Create an Image Template</a>                        </p>                        <p><a href="#Next"> Next Step</a>                        </p>                    </td>                </tr>            </tbody>        </table>
You can create Image Templates to publish Layered Images to VMware Horizon View Composer where you can then use the Layered Image(s) to provision servers on your chosen publishing platform. The Image Template stores your Layer assignments, along with a Layer icon and description. You can easily [edit an Image Template](layered_images_manage_template_co4.htm#Ed_Temp)[ and use it to publish new versions of your Layered Images. ](layered_images_manage_template_co4.htm#Ed_Temp)
As long as you select a VMware Horizon for vSphere Connector Configuration, using this Image Template to publish a Layered Image will result in a VM in a ready-to-use state, the image shut down and a snapshot taken. You can use the VM in your Horizon environment without further modifications. Each Layered image is a new 'Parent VM' that you can select for your Linked Clones pool.
##Prerequisites<a name="Pre"></a>
To create an Image Template you need:
<ul>            <li>A Platform Layer containing the software required for your environment.</li>            <li>The Platform Layer must include:<ul><li> The same hardware settings as the OSLayer you are using. (You choose the hardware settings when deploying the VM for the OSand Platform Layers.)</li><li>The software and settings required for your environment.</li></ul></li>        </ul>
##Create an Image Template<a name="Cr_Temp"></a>
To create an Image Template:
<ol>            <li>In the Unidesk Management Console (UMC), select the <b>Images</b> module, then click <b>Create Template</b>. This opens the Create Template wizard.</li>            <li>In the Name and Description tab, enter a <b>Name</b> for the template and notes in the <b>Description</b> field, so you can identify the template when choosing one for publishing a Layered Image. </li>            <li>In the OSLayer tab, select one of the <b>Available OSLayers</b>. If there is more than one Layer Version, the most recent version is selected by default. You can choose an older version by expanding the Layer and choosing a different one.</li>            <li>In the App Assignment tab, select the <b>App Layers</b> to include in the Layered Images that you publish using this template.</li>            <li>                <p>On the Connector page, select the VMwareHorizon for vSphereConnector Configuration for the location where you want to publish the Layered Image. </p>                <p>If the Connector Configuration you need is not available, add one. Click <b>New</b>, choose the Connector Type, and follow the instructions to <a href="connector_config_fields_vw4.htm">Create a Connector Configuration</a>.</p>            </li>            <li>                <p>In the Platform Layer tab, select aPlatform Layer with the tools and hardware settings that you need to publish Layered Images to your environment. </p>            </li>            <li>                <p>On the Layered Image Disk page, edit the following fields, as needed:</p>                <ul>                    <li>(Optional) <i>Layered Image Disk File name</i>. Enter a name for the Layered Image Disk.</li>                    <li><i>Layered Image Disk Format</i>. Use the default format, since this is the one required for your selected environment. </li>                    <li><i>Elastic Layering</i> - Controls whether Elastic Layering  on this Layered Image is allowed. Select yes to allow Elastic Layers for users of this Layered Image.</li>                </ul>            </li>            <li>On the Confirm and Complete tab, enter any comments you would like for this layer, and click <b>Create Template</b>.</li>        </ol>
The new Template icon appears in the Unidesk Images module. 
##Next Step<a name="Next"></a>
[ Publish Layered Images (VMware Horizon View for vSphere) ](layered_images_publish_vw4)[        ](layered_images_publish_vw4)
