You are here: Learn about Citrix App Layering [UnideskVersion Layering 4.0.8] > System > Manage the Unidesk ELM (appliance)
#Manage the Unidesk ELM (virtual appliance) 
In this article:
<table>            <col></col>            <tbody>                <tr>                    <td>                        <p><a href="#Before"> Before you start</a>                        </p>                        <p><a href="#Log"> Log into the ELM using an account with administrator privileges</a>                        </p>                        <p><a href="#Change4"> Change the administrator password</a>                        </p>                        <p><a href="#Change2"> Configure networking (includes Static IP Address option)</a>                        </p>                        <p><a href="#Synchron"> Synchronize the system clock with NTP servers</a>                        </p>                        <p><a href="#Change3"> Change the Time Zone</a>                        </p>                    </td>                </tr>            </tbody>        </table>
The Enterprise Layer Manager (ELM) is a virtual appliance that coordinates communication in the Unidesk environment and manages copies of your Layers and Image Templates. Based on CentOS, the ELM hosts the Unidesk Management Console (UMC), a friendly interface where you create Unidesk Layers and use those Layers to publish Layered Images. 
You can log into the ELM and modify the administrator password, network address, NTP servers, and Time Zone settings using the Unidesk Appliance Configuration utility, as described here.
##Before you start<a name="Before"></a>
o Make sure that the Unidesk Enterprise Layer Manager (ELM)is running in your hypervisor.
o Make sure you have the password for an account with administrator privileges
##Log into the ELM using an account with administrator privileges<a name="Log"></a>
<ol>            <li>                <p>Using either your hypervisor console or SSH, log into the ELM as <b>administrator</b> (default password <i>Unidesk1</i>).</p>                <ul>                    <li>                        <p><b>Note:</b> If the ELM is in <i>Azure</i>, type <b>/opt/sbin/cfg_launcher</b>, and press <b>Enter</b>. </p>                    </li>                </ul>                <p>This opens the Unidesk Appliance Configuration utility.</p>            </li>        </ol>
##Change the administrator password<a name="Change4"></a><a name="Change"></a>
<ol>            <li><a href="#Log">Log in</a> to the ELM's Appliance Configuration utility, as described above.</li>            <li>At the Appliance Configuration utility's Action prompt, enter <b>P</b> (for <i>Password change</i>), and press <b>Return</b>.</li>            <li>When prompted, enter the new password, and then confirm the password. A message confirms that the <i>** Password changed successfully</i>. </li>            <li>Press the <b>Enter</b> key to continue.</li>            <li>At the Action prompt, enter <b>Q</b> to quit.</li>        </ol>
##Configure networking (includes Static IP Address option)<a name="Change2"></a>
You can change the ELM's IPaddress and/or its DNSservers. 
When the ELM is first deployed, the DNS settings are retrieved through DHCP.  If DHCP is not available and you will be using static IP addresses, once you select Static, you will be prompted to enter the IPaddresses for your DNS servers. 
<ol>            <li><a href="#Log">Log in</a> to the ELM's Appliance Configuration utility, as described above.</li>            <li>At the Action prompt, enter <b>C</b> (for Configure Networking), and press <b>Return</b>.</li>            <li>At the next prompt, type <b>D</b> for Dynamic (DHCP) or <b>S</b> for Static. <p> If you choose <i>Static</i>, you will be prompted for the IP address and Subnet mask, along with default addresses for the Gateway and  DNSaddresses.</p></li>            <li>When prompted, enter <b>Y</b> to save settings. </li>            <li>At the Action prompt, enter <b>Q</b> to quit.</li>            <li>Restart the appliance.</li>        </ol>
##Synchronize the system clock with NTP servers<a name="Synchron"></a>
You can synchronize the system clock on the ELM by configuring NTP servers. You can specify how many NTP servers you need, with 6 being the maximum. And, you can add and remove NTPservers, as needed. Where possible your existing servers will be used as defaults. 
<ol>            <li><a href="#Log">Log in</a> to the ELM's Appliance Configuration utility, as described above.</li>            <li>At the Action prompt, enter <b>N</b> for <i>NTP servers change</i>, and press <b>Return</b>. A list of your current NTPservers is displayed.</li>            <li>                <p>At the prompt,  specify how many NTPservers you need by typing a number from 0 to 6. </p>                <ul>                    <li>0 - All servers will be removed (you will be warned). </li>                    <li>1-6 - You will be prompted to accept or replace each of the current servers. <br></br></li>                </ul>            </li>            <li>For each server, press <b>Enter</b> to accept the current value. Or, enter a new server address (Example: <b>3.pool.ntp.org</b>). Once the last address is entered, an NTPServer Summary is displayed. </li>            <li>Enter <b>S</b> to save the settings.</li>            <li>At the Action prompt, enter <b>Q</b> to quit.</li>            <li>Restart the appliance.</li>        </ol>
##Change the Time Zone<a name="Change3"></a>
<ol>            <li><a href="#Log">Log in</a> to the ELM's Appliance Configuration utility, as described above.</li>            <li>At the Action prompt, enter <b>T</b> for <i>Timezone change</i>, and press <b>Return</b>. The current time zone is displayed.</li>            <li>Press <b>Enter</b> to display available timezones. The first bunch of time zones are displayed in alphabetical order, starting with the </li>            <li>                <p>Advance through the timezone codes until you see yours:</p>                <ul>                    <li><b>Enter</b> - Advances one line at a time.</li>                    <li><b>Page Up</b> <b>Page Down</b> - Displays the next or previous screen full of choices.</li>                </ul>                <p>Or search the timezones:</p>                <ul>                    <li>Type <b>Slash</b> (<b>/</b>) and part of the name you are looking for. </li>                </ul>            </li>            <li>When your timezone is displayed, press <b>Q</b> to get to the prompt. </li>            <li>Type the number for your timezone. The timezone you entered is displayed.</li>            <li>Press <b>Enter</b> to complete the change.</li>            <li>At the Action prompt, enter <b>Q</b> to quit.</li>            <li>Restart the appliance.</li>        </ol>

