You are here: Learn about Citrix App Layering [UnideskVersion Layering 4.0.8] > System > Update your Unidesk license
#Update your Unidesk license
In this article:
<table>            <col></col>            <tbody>                <tr>                    <td>                        <p><a href="#Register"> Log into the Unidesk site</a>                        </p>                        <p><a href="#Update"> Update your Unidesk license (with web access to the ELM)</a>                        </p>                        <p><a href="#Update2"> Update your Unidesk license (without web access to the ELM))</a>                        </p>                    </td>                </tr>            </tbody>        </table>
To acquire a Unidesk license, you must be logged in to Unidesk. If you have not already done so, register on the Unidesk website to obtain a User Name and Password.
##Log into the Unidesk site<a name="Register"></a>
<ol>            <li>In a web browser, navigate to <a href="http://www.unidesk.com">the Unidesk website</a> and click <b>Login</b>.</li>            <li>If you have not yet registered with Unidesk, go to the Register section of the login page, enter your email address and click <b>Register.</b><p>Unidesk sends a confirmation email message to the address you provided.</p></li>            <li>Open the confirmation email message from Unidesk, which contains the Subject line "Confirming your registration at www.unidesk.com", and click the link it contains or paste the link into a web browser.			</li>            <li>To finish registering, fill out the fields in the "Email address confirmed" page and click the <b>Complete registration</b> button. </li>        </ol>
##Update your Unidesk license (<a name="Update"></a>with<a name="Update"></a> web access to the ELM)<a name="Update"></a>
If you receive a message that your license needs updating, and your Enterprise Layer Manager has web access:
<ol>            <li>In the License Expired message, click <span>License</span>. This opens the Update License wizard.</li>            <li>Select  <b>Download your license now by entering your credentials for the www.unidesk.com website</b>. </li>            <li>Enter your credentials for the Unidesk website.</li>            <li>On the Confirm Your License tab, click <span>Finish</span>.</li>            <li>You can return to the Licensing wizard at any time by logging into the Unidesk Management Console and clicking <b>About</b>, and then the <b>License</b> tab.</li>        </ol>
##Update your Unidesk license (<a name="Update2"></a>without<a name="Update2"></a> web access to the ELM))<a name="Update2"></a>
If you receive a message that your license needs updating, and your Enterprise Layer Manager does not have web access:
<ol>            <li>Obtain a license file from Unidesk Sales or Support, and move the file to a drive that Enterprise Layer Manager can access.</li>            <li>If the License Expired message, is still open, click <span>License</span> in the message. If not, click <b>About</b>, then the <b>Update License</b> button. This opens the Update License wizard.</li>            <li>Select  <b>Upload your license file from a local drive</b>. </li>            <li>Click <b>Browse</b>, and select the license file.</li>            <li>On the Confirm Your License tab, click <span>Finish</span>.</li>            <li>You can return to the Licensing wizard at any time by logging into the Unidesk Management Console and clicking <b>About</b>, and then the <b>License</b> tab.</li>        </ol>
