You are here: Learn about Citrix App Layering [UnideskVersion Layering 4.0.8] > System > Manage system settings
#System Settings and Configuration
You can specify settings for the following Unidesk configuration parameters by clicking on the Edit button of each option, making your changes, and clicking the Save button.
<table>            <col></col>            <col></col>            <thead>                <tr>                    <th>Appliance settings</th>                    <th>Summary</th>                </tr>            </thead>            <tbody>                <tr>                    <td>HTTP Certificate Settings</td>                    <td>                        <p>Displays the currently set security certificate. Use the <b>Upload</b> and <b>Generate</b> buttons to upload an existing certificate or to generate a new one.   Optionally, enter a comment that describes the changes you made.</p>                    </td>                </tr>                <tr>                    <td>Network File Shares</td>                    <td>                        <p>After you specify a <b>Network File Share Type</b>, <b>Network File Share Path</b>, <b>User name</b>, and <b>Password</b>, click <b>Test Network File Share</b> to see if you can connect to the file share. The test returns a message stating either "Success" or "Failed to mount network file share path".   Optionally, enter a comment that describes the changes you made.</p>                    </td>                </tr>                <tr>                    <td>Security Settings</td>                    <td>                        <p>Specify the number of minutes of inactivity before the Unidesk Management Console logs you out.   Optionally, enter a comment that describes the changes you made.</p>                    </td>                </tr>                <tr>                    <td>Task Retention Settings</td>                    <td>                        <p>Specify the number of days that Unidesk should retain completed Tasks before deleting them.   Optionally, enter a comment that describes the changes you made.</p>                    </td>                </tr>                <tr>                    <td>Audit Log Retention Settings</td>                    <td>                        <p>Specify the number of days that Unidesk should retain audit log files. After that time elapses, the software begins to overwrite the audit log.  Optionally, enter a comment that describes the changes you made.</p>                    </td>                </tr>                <tr>                    <td>Notification Settings</td>                    <td>                        <p>Configure automatic email notification settings for yourself or other Unidesk users. When you export logs, Unidesk sends the specified recipients an email notification that includes a link to the log files. </p>                        <p>To set up email notifications:</p>                        <ol>                            <li>                                <p>In the Mail Server box, enter the name of your email server or the name of the SMTP relay server.                      </p>                            </li>                            <li>                                <p>In the Mail Server port, enter the number of the port that the email server uses for communication.</p>                            </li>                            <li>                                <p>In the User Name box, enter the user name for the email account you want to use for sending notifications. For example, username@domain.com.</p>                            </li>                            <li>                                <p>In the Password box, enter the password for the email account.</p>                            </li>                            <li>                                <p>In the From box, enter an email address to identify the source of the email message. For example, if you enter myaddress@mycompany.com, the email message displays the following in the From box of the received notification:</p>                                <p><span>Unidesk Enterprise Layer Manager [myaddress@mycompany.com] </span>                                </p>                            </li>                            <li>                                <p>In the Recipient List box, enter the email addresses that should receive notifications. Use a comma or semicolon to separate the email addresses.</p>                            </li>                            <li>                                <p>Click <span>Test Email Configuration</span> to verify that the settings for the email server and account work correctly. If the test succeeds, the software displays a success message and sends the recipients a confirmation email.</p>                            </li>                            <li>                                <p>Enter a comment, if necessary, and click <span>Save </span>to save the email settings. Any comments you enter will appear in the  Information view Audit History.</p>                            </li>                        </ol>                        <p>For more information, see <a href="logs_export_co4.htm">Export log files and send to Support</a>.</p>                    </td>                </tr>                <tr>                    <td>Log File Retention Settings</td>                    <td>                        <p>Specify the maximum disk space to use for all logs (in megabytes) and the number of days that Unidesk should retain Unidesk ELM log files. Optionally, enter a comment that describes the changes you made.</p>                    </td>                </tr>            </tbody>        </table>

